Adding documentation for behavior of indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec set to `0mb` or less (#3649)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings.md

| action.auto_create_index | Boolean | Automatically creates an index if the index doesn't already exist. Also applies any index templates that are configured. Default is `true`. |
| action.destructive_requires_name | Boolean | When set to `true`, you must specify the index name to delete an index. You cannot delete all indexes or use wildcards. Default is `true`. |
| cluster.indices.close.enable | Boolean | Enables closing of open indexes in OpenSearch. Default is `true`. |

> | indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec | String | Limits the total inbound and outbound recovery traffic for each node. This applies to peer recoveries and snapshot recoveries. Default is `40mb`. Setting to values less than or equal to `0mb` will result in disabling this rate limiting. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec | String | Limits the total inbound and outbound recovery traffic for each node. This applies to peer recoveries and snapshot recoveries. Default is `40mb`. If you set the recovery traffic  value to less than or equal to `0mb`, rate limiting will be disabled, which causes recovery data to be transferred at the highest possible rate. |
```

Author: I'll make a commit via my fork. If i commit from here it will cause dco issues. 
The change you propose is acceptable.
